very good to all kids that such
you are my name is that good people
that follow me on twitter that by the way
follow me on twitter you will have it on
description the people who follow me on
twitter will know what this is worth
to teach how to get the mother and the
mother and that the weapon that has come out
recently for xbox and that in play
we have to wait until the 25th
that there are still 22 days left when I'm
recording this so it's good how is
get it in private is also worth it
you can get in the online but there
that having a play strip is in the mode
of ex and good that because few people
it has so good we're going to get it
in private mode it is worth the imparted
private forgiveness so good at least the
we will be able to try our friends
or alone as you want and well we go there
let's do the tutorial of how
do it since you have to do some
how many little things the first thing is to put bots
because we are going to pick them up at the bots
it's the bots that carry the ones
they carry the marvel ike sorry so
well you put it for example you put six
bots is worth if you want to put out or what
that you want and good you put it in recruit
ok I have an English but well that gives
totally equal treason maps
you have to put two teams worth not
we get into options and good if
you want to put on you the active radar it is worth
you can put it to be everything more
easy and thoroughly test it thoroughly is
say that it goes without accessories but
It is also an armada with what for
what I have been able to fuck does not come to me
word so I could prove is
a fairly good weapon so wins
what you have to do is come here to
restricted classes
get into primary school get in here
to go removing them like that or putting them
all with the square this yellow is worth
minus markmann ride rifles that you have to
let the sw do the same is lethal
we mark all do the same thing in
tactics demonstrating all and if we want
so in strike to agree what for me
like a lame or not say we also remove
the assault and that's why they do not hold
the boat is worth because they are quite can
pere test in this mode so good there
to do that and the last thing that needs to be done
Crearte sun do is start well and
put you get advantage voucher what
that come out of the eggs and start the
departure
so well let's wait until
start the game as I say it is a
pretty good trick then to try it
maverick thoroughly is good enough
of those of ps3 sorry I'm a little
foolish now is to say that it's 2 o'clock
tomorrow so well then I'm a
little silly because that is what said
those of the kind in those of play 3 sorry
Well, we can not have this weapon
unfortunately until a month passes
It is what it is
Microsoft has a contract with
activision and I accept it is worth something
pay those of xbox that's true so
well as I say we have this
little trick how good that seen
in the channel of a second that look at the
name as it was called what was seen in the
inflate channel this inflated ticket inflates
what good will you have in the
description since good told me that
I could upload it if you have asked for permission
because I like to ask permission for these
things yes I have asked permission to
upload this and told me that without
problem well then let's see why
this weapon is a fucking shit
in theory as I say we would have to
jump the bots the gun let's see if
It is true
this is a mier where armed by the way
as you know at the moment nothing has been released
remember that they carry the sv and lamadrid
look here you have it madrid here you see it
kids, hello madrid, it's not a lie, it's worth
la madrid as you see here put the clock
you have to recharge and square I'm
playing in play 3 vale
I'm in play 3 can not be done in
any console that can be x 2 363
play 4 up to even pc up to
win can be done in all that
you want to watch the boots and
that's good as I say kids that's
pretty good the trick already you know if
You liked the video because you give the
current and I have nothing more to say
let's see if we get one that in
against the bots I would feel quite
but the truth as you see the gun is going
quite pretty well is an armada for
what I thought was a piece
weapon
or they kill me that they are going to do 15 0
good kids a greeting and even the
next
goodbye